README.md, before:

<p class="filament-hidden">
<img src="https://banners.beyondco.de/filament-cookie-consent.png?theme=light&packageManager=composer+require&packageName=marcogermani87%2Ffilament-cookie-consent&pattern=architect&style=style_1&description=Easy+cookie+consent+integrations+for+Filament&md=1&showWatermark=0&fontSize=100px&images=https%3A%2F%2Flaravel.com%2Fimg%2Flogomark.min.svg" class="filament-hidden">
</p>

[![Latest Version on Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/marcogermani87/filament-cookie-consent.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/marcogermani87/filament-cookie-consent)
[![GitHub Tests Action Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/marcogermani87/filament-cookie-consent/run-tests.yml?branch=main&label=tests&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/:vendor_slug/filament-cookie-consent/actions?query=workflow%3Arun-tests+branch%3Amain)
[![GitHub Code Style Action Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/marcogermani87/filament-cookie-consent/fix-php-code-style-issues.yml?branch=main&label=code%20style&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/:vendor_slug/filament-cookie-consent/actions?query=workflow%3A"Fix+PHP+code+style+issues"+branch%3Amain)
[![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/marcogermani87/filament-cookie-consent.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/marcogermani87/filament-cookie-consent)
<!--delete-->
---
This repo can be used to scaffold a Laravel package. Follow these steps to get started:

1. Press the "Use this template" button at the top of this repo to create a new repo with the contents of this skeleton.
2. Run "php ./configure.php" to run a script that will replace all placeholders throughout all the files.
3. Have fun creating your package.
4. If you need help creating a package, consider picking up our <a href="https://laravelpackage.training">Laravel Package Training</a> video course.
---
<!--/delete-->
This is where your description should go. Limit it to a paragraph or two. Consider adding a small example.

## Support us

[<img src="https://github-ads.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/:package_name.jpg?t=1" width="419px" />](https://spatie.be/github-ad-click/:package_name)

We invest a lot of resources into creating [best in class open source packages](https://spatie.be/open-source). You can support us by [buying one of our paid products](https://spatie.be/open-source/support-us).

We highly appreciate you sending us a postcard from your hometown, mentioning which of our package(s) you are using. You'll find our address on [our contact page](https://spatie.be/about-us). We publish all received postcards on [our virtual postcard wall](https://spatie.be/open-source/postcards).

## Version Compatibility

| Plugin  | Filament | Laravel | PHP |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------|
| 1.x  | 3.x  | 10.x | 8.x |
| 1.x  | 3.x  | 11.x | 8.2 \| 8.3 |

## Installation

You can install the package via composer:

```bash
composer require marcogermani87/filament-cookie-consent
```

You can publish and run the migrations with:

```bash
php artisan vendor:publish --tag="filament-cookie-consent-migrations"
php artisan migrate
```

You can publish the config file with:

```bash
php artisan vendor:publish --tag=":filament-cookie-consent-config"
```

This is the contents of the published config file:

```php
return [
];
```

Optionally, you can publish the views using

```bash
php artisan vendor:publish --tag="filament-cookie-consent-views"
```

## Usage

Register the plugin through your panel service provider:

```php
->plugin(\MarcoGermani87\FilamentCookieConsent\FilamentCookieConsent::make())
```

## Testing

```bash
composer test
```

## Changelog

Please see [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) for more information on what has changed recently.

## Contributing

Please see [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## Security Vulnerabilities

Please review [our security policy](../../security/policy) on how to report security vulnerabilities.

## Credits

- [Marco Germani](https://github.com/marcogermani87)
- [All Contributors](../../contributors)

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE.md) for more information.

Commit message:

Fixed cooki consent views for support Tailwind 3. Updated README.

README.md, after:

<p class="filament-hidden">
<img src="https://banners.beyondco.de/filament-cookie-consent.png?theme=light&packageManager=composer+require&packageName=marcogermani87%2Ffilament-cookie-consent&pattern=architect&style=style_1&description=Easy+cookie+consent+integrations+for+Filament&md=1&showWatermark=0&fontSize=100px&images=https%3A%2F%2Flaravel.com%2Fimg%2Flogomark.min.svg" class="filament-hidden">
</p>

[![Latest Version on Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/marcogermani87/filament-cookie-consent.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/marcogermani87/filament-cookie-consent)
[![GitHub Tests Action Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/marcogermani87/filament-cookie-consent/run-tests.yml?branch=main&label=tests&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/:vendor_slug/filament-cookie-consent/actions?query=workflow%3Arun-tests+branch%3Amain)
[![GitHub Code Style Action Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/marcogermani87/filament-cookie-consent/fix-php-code-style-issues.yml?branch=main&label=code%20style&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/:vendor_slug/filament-cookie-consent/actions?query=workflow%3A"Fix+PHP+code+style+issues"+branch%3Amain)
[![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/marcogermani87/filament-cookie-consent.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/marcogermani87/filament-cookie-consent)

A package to easily include cookie consent in [Filament](https://filamentphp.com).

This project is based on [spatie/laravel-cookie-consent](https://github.com/spatie/laravel-cookie-consent) package.

## Version Compatibility

| Plugin  | Filament | Laravel | PHP |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------|
| 1.x  | 3.x  | 10.x | 8.x |
| 1.x  | 3.x  | 11.x | 8.2 \| 8.3 |

## Installation

You can install the package via composer:

```bash
composer require marcogermani87/filament-cookie-consent
```

You can publish the config file with:

```bash
php artisan vendor:publish --tag=":filament-cookie-consent-config"
```

This is the contents of the published config file:

```php
return [
];
```

Optionally, you can publish the views using

```bash
php artisan vendor:publish --tag="filament-cookie-consent-views"
```

## Usage

Register the plugin through your panel service provider:

```php
->plugin(\MarcoGermani87\FilamentCookieConsent\FilamentCookieConsent::make())
```

## Testing

```bash
composer test
```

## Changelog

Please see [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) for more information on what has changed recently.

## Contributing

Please see [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## Security Vulnerabilities

Please review [our security policy](../../security/policy) on how to report security vulnerabilities.

## Credits

- [Marco Germani](https://github.com/marcogermani87)
- [All Contributors](../../contributors)

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE.md) for more information.
